# Transform Img

## Overview

This directory contains logic for transforming an image from one location to
another. The animation is comprised of 4 parts:

* Scaling the image in the x and y directions to the final scale
* Translating the rendered image within the cropping container (for
  object-position)
* Translating the cropping container in the x and y directions to the final
  location
* Changing the crop in the x and y directions to the final crop

Each of these are implemented in seprate file.

## Implementation

In order to have the animation perform well, including on older devices, only
CPU accelerated animatable properties are used. As a result, the 'crop' portion
of the animation is implemented by scaling up a cropping container (with 
`overflow: hidden`) and counteracting the scaling with an inverse scale on a
child container. This cannot be done easily with a CSS timing function, so a
stylesheet with keyframes is generated for the crop scale / counteracting scale
values.

The code attempts to generate enough keyframes to keep any errors due to
interpolation during the animation low, but at the same time avoid doing more
work than necessary.

Both the scaling of the image itself as well as the translate can be done
directly with a CSS timing function, so those two operations do not generate
keyframes.

The animations are implemented by taking the larger size and animating using
that as a reference point for scaling. That is, when the transition is where
the larger image is (whether that is the starting state or ending state), the
scale values will all be `1.0`. This is done to avoid rounding errors from
the various scale animations from having a user perceivable impact. The errors
are much less or not at all noticable for the smaller image. When we are going
from a small image to a large image (say scaling by 5x), we will animate the
scale from `0.2` to `1.0`. If we were to run the reverse operation, we would
scale from `1.0` to `0.2`.
